{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue135;\red26\green26\blue26;\red24\green55\blue106;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Kohn and Rosman Communitaction with UNC (Dec 2012)\
Added by Andr\'e9s hojman\
\
Important: The K&R tests at least at age 2-7 appear to have been filled right after children were taking their McCarthy tests\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 **** Gabriella to Elizabeth: ****\
Hi Elizabeth,\cf3 \'a0\
\cf2 I am writing to ask you about the following items of the Kohn and Rosman scale at 24 months which look suspicious, since - in one case each -\'a0they can take also value 7 (and in one case 9), while the maximum value should be 6, according to the documentation:\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf2 kr24i1 kr24i8 kr24i9 kr24i11 kr24i13\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 It seems to me it was incorrect data entry (7/9 rather than 6?), however what is peculiar is that id 125 has all the values=7 (for kr24i1 kr24i8 kr24i11 kr24i13), and id 127 has the only value 9 (for kr24i9), so just would like to check in case there is else.\cf3 \
\'a0\cf2 \
**** Elizabeth to Gabriella *****\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs30 \cf4 Frances and I had a chance to dig through some records yesterday.\'a0
\f1\fs26 \cf3 \

\f2\fs30 \cf4 We could NOT find a form for ID 125 at 24 months, so we cannot figure out why those values are 7.
\f1\fs26 \cf3 \

\f2\fs30 \cf4 We found the 24 month form for 127 and the value for item 9 is 4.\'a0 I\'92m not sure why 9 was entered for that item.\'a0 We double-checked a few other items and they matched what is in the data.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 ****Gabriella to Maryclare, ****\cf3 \'a0\
\cf2 can you please replace the value 9 with 4\'a0in the \cf0 kr24i9 and recompute the scales as:\cf3 \
*[4] K&R attentive/cooperative scale at 24 months\
g\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 kr24mn2p_fixed=(kr24i2+kr24i5+kr24i9+kr24i13+kr24i19)/5\
g\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 k
\b r24ft2p_fixed=kr24i2+kr24i5+kr24i9+kr24i13+kr24i19
\b0 \
also, can you check the values taken by id 125 for the various items? I had a look and it seems to me it is scored inconsistently.\
**** Maryclare to Gabriella ****\
Items 1, 8, 11, and 13 take on the out-of-range value of 7 for id = 125\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 **** Frances to Gabriella ****\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs30 \cf4 Curiosity got the better of me, so I went up to the raw data files to see what I could learn.\'a0 The K and R is filed from first one to last one for each child.\'a0 It appears that we have it from 24 months through 84 month McCarthy for the children \'96 I don\'92t see any for 96 months.\'a0 I found a 24 month form for child 127 but none for 125.\'a0 However, for another child, there appeared to be only ones collected after he or she got into school \'96 so the raw data appear to be spotty.\'a0 If you have complete computer records for all occasions except two children at 24 months, that would seem to be far better than we can go back and verify at this point.\
\
****Frances to Gabriella ****\
I\'92m popping off answers as I see these emails:\'a0 teachers did not do the K & R, the examiner who did the IQ test completed it.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
}